[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart today I come to tell you why
Paz Padilla is trending right now on
all the social networks and people are
burning against her even asking for her
dismissal eh that it is very strong no
especially here especially here what is
happening is that several
things are being set up they are taking advantage of Paz Padilla
making mistakes getting into giving opinions
on things about Cobi as if she were a
scientist or something like that because
you can give your opinion no as I am on several
occasions that I have said well I respect
the people who want to get vaccinated and the
people who do not want to get it not
because they are afraid because it is still
new because whatever it is no I respect it
as long as they also maintain the
other security measures no for
example not to me basically not getting close to
anything but well I understand the position
of the people who do not want to get vaccinated too
okay I respect it I me for
example I am in favor of getting vaccinated to go I am in favor of getting
vaccinated evacuate the entire family
okay and I understand that the vaccine
will still have to improve but well little by
little no but it has to  In fact,
Paz Padilla has said some nonsense,
let's put it this way, I really like her,
eh, she's a person I find very
funny and I like her quite a bit and all that,
but the truth is that she has said many
times regarding the Cobisa issue, she seems a bit like
Miguel Bosé, let's put it this way, no, the
thing is that she has combined this
with Paz Padilla defending the
Flores family a lot and the injustice they are
experiencing, not the media condemnation of
Papa Antonio David, the staunch defense, once upon a time,
lafabricadelatele, of Rociíto, okay,
so,
progressive people, more than anything, not
feminist people, well, they are wanting to cancel Paz
Padilla, they don't want Paz Padilla there
because she is a person who is extra, okay,
a person who is extra, and not only
because of her class. Let's see if she doesn't go because she
defends Gloria Antonio
David, okay, because she questions
Rocío Carrasco's testimony because in
fact, it still seems strange to me that
lafabricadelatele still counts on
her, seeing how things are, not the
statements themselves, that's what they are, let's
listen to her and now I'll tell you  more or
less
prepared because you can't fit in
a room
yesterday what happened was that when we did
the live show on Antonio David's channel,
well since these people are still waiting for
everything Antonio David has done and
such and I knew that the live show and it was going to be a
bit explosive what they did was
exactly at 6 in the afternoon at the time of the
live show they started messing with Rocío
Flores and with Antonio David yesterday on
Sálvame okay
basically talking about man that the
mother should be prepared to
talk to you with her daughter that the daughter
has built bridges for her a thousand times what is an
episode that has not been repeated a
daughter who did that that what happened what happened
what happened
on one occasion and we still don't even
know Rocío Flores' version
although it would
be interesting to also know how
the other party experienced it and what it says it
's not a complicated age in a
complicated family situation and it was not
repeated you understand so a mother
we're talking about mothers and children they are
not interested in us commenting on it
no but if we go into more detail that
mother is not prepared for
anything okay but well here they
are basically debating about that and Paz Padilla
you are right al  90% if we weren't
talking about what we're talking about a
daughter or a father or someone who is not
normal is a small moment that is not about
normal situations because of an anger
over a Christmas dinner because of one I know
how much to give lessons to someone that
we listen to the moral classes that
this one gives us you know that one that is fruited to
women of all kinds in all kinds of
incredible ways okay that we have been
seeing and we were analyzing for
example yesterday in the live no and
you come to which guy to make an example of that
[Music]
okay he is not talking as
these people are interpreting it not in the
form of gender violence or something like that
not
as saying that you would put an
abused woman the first thing that is not
a woman
who has suffered gender violence
okay Rocío Carrasco does not have any
sentence that proves her right in that
sense and
the second thing is that they are not talking about her
settling with Antonio David they are
talking about her settingtling with her daughter
love as love love as it
affected
Padilla a very dangerous message not a
message that you
have to forgive your abuser  because love can conquer
everything let's
see a person can have an
unfortunate comment can slip up
on some occasions but it doesn't mean that it's
always okay I
recognize it eh I was watching that
call not the video call they
made at the
end of the year I think it was the one where
Paz Padilla says all this
stuff about the microwave vaccine
Spider and the truth is it's a spectacle it's
a spectacle okay but from there
we are always already distorting what
is being said here man I don't see it he
is not talking about abuse from a
partner or an ex-partner or
continued abuse in which your partner
is hitting you every day and you
have to keep quiet because you are
in love which is how they have tried to
interpret it I am trying to
interpret it like that okay as you have to
endure because you are in love being
abused every day physically and
psychologically and that is not the case that is being
talked about what is being
talked about is a mother and a daughter
who had a bad episode okay a
lot very ugly horrible I do not want to
justify them but already  I tell you there's not
much data missing from that apartment God
we're missing a version of Service I hate
Rocío Carrasco I believe very little
based on a lot of things that we've been
whistling not to the months and we are
the love of a mother towards her children and
remember that she doesn't want to call her
son either, it's not that she doesn't want to call her
daughter that's why no no she doesn't want to
call her son either no and here we
even have a Change.org petition no
that you know that this is like wanting to
turn off the sun with a water pistol
okay people asking people wow with
1000 signatures I think that she's almost already
on the street not for espaillas
the one hasn't come out I don't
know what to call her Ana Bernal
Triviño is not here you know that for me and she says
very ridiculous things no now later I'm
waiting I don't have to see it here
in this video what she has posted because I
discovered a while ago that she has
blocked me when I have never spoken to her on Instagram
and dimensions and nothing but it will be
seen that our videos and not
only that but she is also
friends with a person with whom I have
had  moves no and well they are people
that she actually defends but of course
those people already go ahead you already know
the story well and who Ana
Bernal-Triviño defends because they are people who
well are going through a series of
judicial processes that we will see
how they end no but I am saving
for when everything for when her
time comes no and nothing well what I am telling you or
rather Paz Padilla today
presents Sálvame again I can't believe I see
guys who are not going to leave for you are not going to kick
her out for the moment I don't think
that among the plans of vacillate I
tell you eh I tell you it surprises me a lot it
surprises me a lot that being as she is with
Rocío Carrasco who doubts her and
all that stuff it
surprises me a lot that they still have her
in the Fábrica de la Tele presenting
okay I don't know what the reasons are but we have
already seen how collaborators
suddenly doubt the testimony
of Rocío Carrasco no and it doesn't dance to her
tune what lafabricadelatele you want to
dance
you have disappeared from collaborating no and it
surprises me a lot that Paz Padilla is still
there I imagine it will be  a matter of
contracts or a matter of power, it depends on
who you are and so on, no, I don't know, but
well, what do you think about
Paz Padilla's statements? I agree
with me that they are taking them
too much out of context and that in reality it
is not crazy within the
context in which they are speaking
or do you have the same thought as the
fuchsias? No, you are saying that it is
horrible, no, Paz Padilla has given the
impression that you have to take the
blows from your abuser
for love, okay, because I don't understand it
that way, honestly, family, a huge hug,
see you in the next news in a
little while.
[Music]